_Frequently Asked Questions about [http://code.google.com/p/appmenuboy AppMenuBoy]_

==How is this licensed?==

Apache License, v2.0. That's our standard license for projects on the [http://code.google.com/mac Macintosh Playground]

==Can I help?==

Most certainly. We accept code submissions. Note that we will need you to complete a [http://code.google.com/legal/individual-cla-v1.0.html Contributor License] Agreement before accepting a change. More details at [http://code.google.com/p/appmenuboy/wiki/BecomingAContributor Becoming A Contributor]. Other than that, yes please, get in touch via the [http://groups.google.com/group/appmenuboy Google Group] for this project.

==Tips==

I organize my Applications folder so that only apps from Apple are in it. For other apps, I create a small number of subfolders. That way, my {{{AppMenuBoy}}} menu does not need to scroll.

I click and hold on {{{AppMenuBoy}}}'s Dock icon to reveal {{{AppMenuBoy}}}'s Dock menu, but you can also do it by holding down the {Control} key and click once on {{{AppMenuBoy}}}'s Dock icon. 

You don't need to hold down the {Control} key once the menu appears.

But If you do, and you need to scroll the {{{AppMenuBoy}}} menu, be warned: In System Preferences, Universal Access, on the Seeing pane, Zoom section, there is an Options button. Press it, and there is a checkbox: "Use scroll wheel with modifier keys to zoom". 

==Comments==

The comment box at the bottom of this page is tempting. Resist!  Rather than entering a comment here, please go to the {{{AppMenuBoy}}} [http://groups.google.com/group/appmenuboy Google Group], and enter it there.

Enter it in the [http://groups.google.com/group/appmenuboy Google Group], and it will email those of us who care about {{{AppMenuBoy}}}. Enter it here, and we won't see it for a long time.